feat: Add content to Persistence Spec page (#686)
jakartaee/specifications: persistence/_index.md

- `@ManyToMany`: `FetchType.LAZY`
- `@ManyToOne`: `FetchType.EAGER`
- `@OneToMany`: `FetchType.LAZY`
- `@OneToOne`: `FetchType.EAGER`

By design, Jakarta Persistence enables developers to create polymorphic associations and polymorphic queries. This provides the ability for entity classes to contain embedded classes, subclasses, etc., in advanced situations where beneficial.

### Generators

As mentioned previously, any database table that maps to an entity class is required to have a primary key. Generators are a means for allowing entity classes to automatically generate a primary key field value.
In many cases, databases use sequences to create new keys. Database sequences are auto-incrementing numbers which are generated by the database for each row of a database table, and use of sequences is the most efficient way to generate a primary key in terms of performance.
Generators can be developed using one of the following techniques:

- `AUTO`: Persistence provider determines how to generate the number
- `IDENTITY`: Relies upon database to automatically increment with each insertion
- `SEQUENCE`: Relies upon a database sequence to generate the number

> - `TABLE`: Simulates a sequence using by storing the numeric value in a database table

Reviewer: there is also `UUID` - since 3.1

To execute the query, pass it to the `EntityManager` `getQuery()` method and then call upon `getResultSet()` to return the collection of `PetOwner` entities. If only one record will be returned by the query, then call upon `getSingleResult();`

```Java
List<PetOwner> petOwnerList = em.createQuery(query).getResultList();
```

In JPQL, the `WHERE` clause specifies which objects to retrieve from the entity by providing conditions to filter the result set. One such type of condition is to specify that an object field is equal to, less than, or greater than some value.
Values specified within a JPQL query can be dynamic via the use of parameters. In order to pass named parameters to a JPQL query, use a bind variable in the and then call upon the `setParameter()` method when invoking the query, passing the bind variable name and the value.
It is also possible to utilize positional numbers, rather than bind variables, which utilize a numeric position within the query to substitute for the parameter value.
In the following example, the `:lastName` bind variable will be used to substitute the value passed into the query using `setParameter()`.

```Java

> Long countOfOwners = (Long) em.createQuery("select count(o) from PetOwner o where o.lastName = :lastName")

Reviewer: consider reformatting long lines in the sample code through the page so they fit on the page width in a way string is not on multiple lines (or just use string concatenation where applicable)

```Java
cq.where(cb.notEqual(petOwner.get(PetOwner_.lastName), "SMITH"));
```

There are a myriad of other functionalities available with the Criteria Query API. Those include grouping, order by, and the ability to apply functions.
The following functions are new in Jakarta EE 10: `ceiling()`, `exp()`, `floor()`, `localDate()`, `localDateTime()`, `localTime()`, `ln()`, `power()`, `round()`, and `sign()`.
Also is the ability to use expressions as conditions within Criteria CASE expressions, new with Jakarta EE 10.

### Named Queries

Named Queries provide a way to create a statically typed query using JPQL and assign it to a name. The name can then be specified to invoke the query.
Named queries can be specified within an entity class using the `@NamedQueries` annotation. The `@NamedQueries` annotation contains a grouping of `@NamedQuery` annotations, which allow a name to be assigned to a string-based JPQL query.
The `@NamedNativeQuery` annotation provides the ability to specify native SQL within a named query. The following code shows how to create a named query for the `PetOwner` entity class:

```Java

> @NamedQueries({

Reviewer: Consider rebasing this section on top of `@NamedQuery` - `@NamedQuery` is repeatable, therefore the use of `@NamedQueries` is not required and in the end allows one to write less code.

The Criteria Query API also provides a number of conditional methods to use along with expressions: `equal`, `notEqual`, `lt`, `le`, `gt`, `ge`, `eq`, `between`, and `like`.
The following code demonstrates how to obtain all `PetOwner` objects where `lastName` is not equal to `'SMITH'`:

```Java
cq.where(cb.notEqual(petOwner.get(PetOwner_.lastName), "SMITH"));
```

There are a myriad of other functionalities available with the Criteria Query API. Those include grouping, order by, and the ability to apply functions.
The following functions are new in Jakarta EE 10: `ceiling()`, `exp()`, `floor()`, `localDate()`, `localDateTime()`, `localTime()`, `ln()`, `power()`, `round()`, and `sign()`.
Also is the ability to use expressions as conditions within Criteria CASE expressions, new with Jakarta EE 10.

### Named Queries

Named Queries provide a way to create a statically typed query using JPQL and assign it to a name. The name can then be specified to invoke the query.

> Named queries can be specified within an entity class using the `@NamedQueries` annotation. The `@NamedQueries` annotation contains a grouping of `@NamedQuery` annotations, which allow a name to be assigned to a string-based JPQL query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Named queries can be specified within an entity class using the `@NamedQuery` annotation which allows a name to be assigned to a string-based JPQL query.
```

Avoiding usage of `@NamedQueries` makes it simpler, WDYT?
